[09/04, 20:51] Animbos Foods: EWBNLI
(Empowering Women to Begin New Life Initiative)
 
Every day, the number of young girls who live on the streets, sleep on doorways and eat from garbage cans, work in brothels, increases. They become unloved and isolated because they feel unwanted and useless; they wrestle with inferiority, poor self-image and lack of self-respect.
Our organization, EWBNLI, is a registered Non-Governmental Organization.    its Executive Director and Founder of the foundation is Ms. Aniete Sebastian Mbosowo. EWBNLI was established in 2008 and registered with the Corporate Affairs Commission [CAC] on the 16th of April, 2013.
 
 
 
  EWBNLI. Our Non-Governmental Organization is located in Lagos, Nigeria and we provide educational assistance to the youths and less privileged in our society, we rehabilitate and train women including asexually abused young girls to become morally upright and self-supporting and we add value to the lives of women in our society because of immorality and lack of value for the body. We are fond of fostering and promoting the spirit of love, promoting social development for the youths, needy and orphans in the society and we empower the youths and less privilege to make positive change in our society.
We care about giving the succor and hope to the down trodden and hopeless, encouraging and building lives to make our society a better place.
 
Our society today is full of women and young girls who are sexually abused, wounded, violated, battered, including single mothers and prostitutes. Lack of value for body is increasing every day, young girls live on the street, brothels, sleep on doorways and eat from garbage cans.
We salvage the lives of these women and young girls and to complement the efforts of the families, schools and the societies at large, to shape their lives for a better tomorow.
 
 
 
Our Story
HOW IT STARTED

It all began after my youth service corps when I noticed many teenagers and women in their sixties standing virtually naked, even in broad day light, trading their bodies for pittance with any man or boy who cares.

This foundation has been in existence since the year 2008, looking at  the way the society is, I focused on getting as many commercial sex workers out of ungodly and degrading trade, and helping the sexually abused. Many young children are also  part of this .

Through the help of the Almighty God , love, care and encouragement from many with this passion, it has  help  towards the actualization of this divinely inspired project and  l rehabilitate these women to have a new life  and a more decent source of livelihood.

This brought about the inception of EWBNLI (Empowering Women to Begin New Life Initiative), a registered Non-Governmental Organization and it is also registered with the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) on April 16th, 2013. A non-profit organization, with a passion of adding value to the lives of women in the society.

 

 

Our Ideology
WHAT WE BELIEVE

We believe that if these women are guided, given succor and hope, encouraged to build their lives while taking the right path, they can live decent and meaningful lives and make the society  a better place.

 

 

  
Our Purpose
WHAT MOTIVATES US

To add value to the lives of women in our society.

We do this by rehabilitating and training women including the sexually abused young girls to become morally upright and self-supporting.

We exist to foster and promote the spirit of love and social development.

 

Vison Statement
WHAT WE ENVISION

Beautification of lives and loving the unloved.

To salvage the lives of these women and young girls and to complement the efforts of the families, schools and the societies at large, to shape their lives for a better tomorrow.

We do this by providing educational assistance to youths and less privilege. We empower them to make positive changes in the society.

 

Our Promise
WHAT BENEFIT THEY GET

To ensure that the lack of value for the body decreases daily, to reduce the number of young girls who live on the street and eat from garbage cans.

To ensure that women and young girls who have been sexually abused, wounded, violated and battered, including the single mothers and sex workers, who wrestle with trauma, inferiority, poor self-image and lack of self-respect build and bring out a better version of themselves.

 

 

Benefits
WHAT BENEFITS THEY GET FROM THE PROMISE

➢ Self-reliance
➢ Self confidence
➢ Education
➢ Self-respect
➢ High self esteem
➢ Have a changed mindset and understand that they are invaluable
 

 

 

Point of Difference
WHAT SETS US APART

We don’t just rehabilitate and train, we teach and guide women to be morally upright and self-supporting.

It is a self-sacrificing service.

 

IDEAL AUDIENCE

✓ Government
✓ Public organizations
✓ Private organizations
✓ Private individuals
✓ International communities
Everyone with the same passion to help these women.

FRUSTRATIONS

Not being able to understand why young girls sell their body and why some people encourage these practices.

GOALS

To give hope to women who have been condemned to be hopeless while providing opportunities for women to grow and impact our society and communities.

 It is a service to humanity.

Positioning Statement
For young girls and women that are being sexually abused, wounded, violated and battered who want to be off the street and out of the demeaning sexual trade.

EWBNLI trains and empowers them to live a more decent and meaningful life.

 

Our Core Values
❖ Integrity: Knowing and doing what is right
❖ Accepting: Supporting everyone’s worth and dignity, regardless of background, abilities or beliefs.
❖ Empowering: Inspiring and helping others to grow, succeed and lead.
Our Personality
DIMENSION

• Sincerity
• Competence
ARCHETYPE

Primary archetype: Caregiver – to support and help other people

Secondary archetype: Hero – fighting for a better world

MOTTO/TAGLINE

Empower lives

TONE OF VOICE

EWBNLI uses a friendly, casual, relaxed and respectful tone of voice.

For example,

“Welcome, it is an honor to have you here. We hope to partner with many more and reach out to large societies.”

Our need; To have a building of our own, dormitory and class rooms for vocational skills.
After period of 2 to 3years they should be able to stand on their own and necessary equipment provided for take off.


Contact Information
Phone number

08033036124

Email address

anietembosowo@gmail.com

Website

www.ewbnli.com
[09/04, 20:52] Animbos Foods: *EMPOWERING WOMEN TO BEGIN NEW LIFE INITIATIVE* 

OUR MISSION & WHAT WE STAND FOR : 

We are worried about the plight of the less privileged in our society today . Particularly those that have been driven into prostitution by issues of life and other variables .
Therefore,the need to come to the aid of this group has attracted our attention for a more better society .

Our mission therefore,is aimed at empowering these set of women to begin new life ,partner of hope for the orphans and less privileged in our society .
Have you considered why smile has faded away from the faces of that child looking confused and virtually fed up and angry with life ?
Do you know that the burden of being an orphan, single motherhood, helplessness and despair have driven many young girls into prostitution ?
Have you asked yourself this simple question: What can I do to help out these unfortunate ones in our midst in a world of survival of the fittest ?
You can partner with us to take these young girls out of the demeaning trade of prostitution , drugs,self destruction,train and empower them to have a more descent and meaningful life .
Kindly reflect, collaborate,team up with us to pull them out of destruction so that they can realize their God given potentials and destinies.

We plead with you to support our mission financially, materially and morally to carry out this divine task. Any donations made towards this noble course will be judiciously put into use.

The bank account details are :

 *Empowering Women To Begin New Life Initiative* . Access bank 0690292602
 *OR at* 
Zenth bank 1017711497.
 *Contact* : 3, Omotayo Street,Off Church Street,Fagbile Estate Ijegun
*Phone:* 
08033036124
08123829317
 *Email:* anietembosowo@gmail.com
 *Thank You As You Join Hands With Us* *Today* 
May God bless and replenish your pocket,Amen.